Q1: Why might we consider using git?

Answer: 
People use git for many reasons, but it is mainly used to manage and collaborate on code for projects. Git comes with many 
features such as its version control, which allows for users to easily revert to older versions of their code, repositories, 
which allows for users to create and store various projects, and branches, which allows for users to better organize the 
project by maintaining separate lines of development. Additionally, git allows users to push and pull changes so that members of a team can easily edit project code and share their progress with the rest of the team.

Q2: What field could data science be applied to? Give an example and how it might help.

Answer:
Data science encompasses leveraging computational and statistical techniques to uncover trends and patterns in existing data. It is a interdisciplinary science that allows us to dive deeper into the relationships of how data and features of importance change over time. Like so, data science has applications in almost every field of study. One example, is that data science can play a crucial role in analyzing stock number and predicting investment decisions in the world of finance. As stock prices are quantitative (numerical) data over a long period of time, and so we can use this ample amount of historical data to identify patterns and trends in how stock price change over time and what external factors might influence its change. This can lead to major contributions in other specializations like asset management and optimizing trading strategies that can ultimately help businesses make profit. Like so, data science enhances decision-making processes in finance by providing deeper insights and more reliable predictions based on complex data sets.

Q3: What is the difference between merging and rebasing?

Answer:
Merging and rebasing are both ways to combine code from different branches. Although, merging is when git preserves the commit history of the branches being combined and simply adds the commit history of the feature branch with the main branch. Therefore, merging is useful if you want to keep a clear history of what and when changes were made in a project. Meanwhile, rebasing is when git takes the commit history from the feature branch and applies them as new commits to the other branch (or the main branch). Like so, it rewrites the commit history and produces a linear history without any merge commits.
